README.md, before:

# City Explorer Mini | Lab 6 - 9 | Code Fellows

**Author**: Tif Taylor  
**Version**: 4.1.0  
**Heroku URL**: [https://cf-ttaylor-city-explorer.herokuapp.com/](https://cf-ttaylor-city-explorer.herokuapp.com/)


## Overview
For Code Fellows 301 Week 2, we are working on creating individual back-end applications that can be plugged into a ready-made front-end application called City Explorer. This is an application designed to be able to input the name of a city and the application will send back an image of a map using the coordinates of that city as well as 4 informational boxes below the map image pertaining to information specifically from that city like Weather, Yelp results, Movies with the city name, and potential Hikes using APIs. 

## Getting Started
- Create your own GitHub Repo and build out the base files seen in this repo such as the .env, .gitignore, etc.
- Create the server
- Deploy the site somewhere, like Heroku
- Use that link on the main [City Explorer](https://codefellows.github.io/code-301-guide/curriculum/city-explorer-app/front-end/) website to run your back end on their front end.

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->


## Change Log
08-20-2020 ??pm - Partial refactor to server.js + Added Movies API/Constructor
08-19-2020 6:00pm - Deploy Database to Heroku    
08-19-2020 5:40pm - Code in JS to check DB    
08-19-2020 3:05pm - Setup and Create Database  
08-18-2020 5:01pm - Created Trails constructor and get API  
08-18-2020 3:35pm - Refactored get weather with API call  
08-18-2020 3:05pm - Refactored get location with API call  
08-18-2020 2:30pm - Refactored the loop to .map() for weather  
08-17-2020 6:12pm - Deployed Location, Weather, and Error handling for "lynwood" in the app  
08-17-2020 4:05pm - GitHub Repo Established   

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
- Class 06 CF Demo Lecture [code](https://github.com/codefellows/seattle-301d65/blob/master/class-06/demos/server/server.js) helped guide me on the Lab06 code submitted
- Collaborated with classmate Jack Nelson regarding the split for date and time in the trails constructor

## User Acceptence Time Estimate Tests

>Number and Name of Feature: #1 | Set Up GitHub Repo & Deploy on Heroku  
>Estimated time to complete: 30 minutes    
>Start time: 2:45 PM | End time: 4:05 PM    
>Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 20 minutes  

>Number and Name of Feature: #2 | Set up Locations Feature   
>Estimated time to complete: 1.5 hours    
>Start time: 4:10 PM | End time: 5:10 PM    
>Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour  

>Number and Name of Feature: #3 | Set up Weather Feature     
>Estimated time to complete: 1 hour      
>Start time: 5:30 PM | End time: 5:50 PM      
>Actual time needed to complete: 20 minutes  

>Number and Name of Feature: #4 | Capature Errors  
>Estimated time to complete: 1 hour    
>Start time: 6:00 PM | End time: 6:15 PM    
>Actual time needed to complete: 15 minutes

>Number and Name of Feature: #1 Lab 7 | Refactor Weather Loop   
>Estimated time to complete: 30 minutes      
>Start time: 2:30 PM | End time: 2:35 PM      
>Actual time needed to complete: 5 minutes 

>Number and Name of Feature: #2 Lab 7 | Location API   
>Estimated time to complete: 1 hour       
>Start time: 2:45 PM | End time: 3:05 PM        
>Actual time needed to complete: 20 minutes   

>Number and Name of Feature: #3 Lab 7 | Weather API     
>Estimated time to complete: 30 minutes         
>Start time: 3:15 PM | End time: 3:35 PM          
>Actual time needed to complete: 20 minutes  

>Number and Name of Feature: #4 Lab 7 | Trails API     
>Estimated time to complete: 30 minutes         
>Start time: 3:45 PM | End time: 5:01 PM          
>Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 15 minutes

>Number and Name of Feature: #1 Lab 8 | Setup Database      
>Estimated time to complete: 1 hour           
>Start time: 2:00 PM | End time: 3:05 PM            
>Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 5 minutes  

>Number and Name of Feature: #2 Lab 8 | Code to check DB         
>Estimated time to complete: 1 hour               
>Start time: 3:10 PM | End time: 5:40 PM                
>Actual time needed to complete: 2 hours 30 minutes  

>Number and Name of Feature: #3 Lab 8 | Deploy DB to Heroku               
>Estimated time to complete: 15 minutes                    
>Start time: 5:45 PM | End time: 6:00 PM                      
>Actual time needed to complete: 15 minutes   

>Number and Name of Feature: #1 Lab 9 | Add Movies API         
>Estimated time to complete: 1 hour                    
>Start time: ?? PM | End time: ?? PM                      
>Actual time needed to complete: ??

Commit message:

Refactored Location Code | Added MovieDB API

README.md, after:

# City Explorer Mini | Lab 6 - 9 | Code Fellows

**Author**: Tif Taylor  
**Version**: 4.1.0  
**Heroku URL**: [https://cf-ttaylor-city-explorer.herokuapp.com/](https://cf-ttaylor-city-explorer.herokuapp.com/)


## Overview
For Code Fellows 301 Week 2, we are working on creating individual back-end applications that can be plugged into a ready-made front-end application called City Explorer. This is an application designed to be able to input the name of a city and the application will send back an image of a map using the coordinates of that city as well as 4 informational boxes below the map image pertaining to information specifically from that city like Weather, Yelp results, Movies with the city name, and potential Hikes using APIs. 

## Getting Started
- Create your own GitHub Repo and build out the base files seen in this repo such as the .env, .gitignore, etc.
- Create the server
- Deploy the site somewhere, like Heroku
- Use that link on the main [City Explorer](https://codefellows.github.io/code-301-guide/curriculum/city-explorer-app/front-end/) website to run your back end on their front end.
- Here is a list of the API Documenation sites used: [LocationIQ](https://locationiq.com/docs#forward-geocoding), [Weatherbit](https://www.weatherbit.io/api), [Hiking](https://www.hikingproject.com/data), [TheMovieDB](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/getting-started/introduction), [Yelp](https://www.yelp.com/developers/documentation/v3/get_started)  


## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->


## Change Log
08-20-2020 4:30pm - Partial refactor to server.js + Added Movies API/Constructor  
08-19-2020 6:00pm - Deploy Database to Heroku    
08-19-2020 5:40pm - Code in JS to check DB    
08-19-2020 3:05pm - Setup and Create Database  
08-18-2020 5:01pm - Created Trails constructor and get API  
08-18-2020 3:35pm - Refactored get weather with API call  
08-18-2020 3:05pm - Refactored get location with API call  
08-18-2020 2:30pm - Refactored the loop to .map() for weather  
08-17-2020 6:12pm - Deployed Location, Weather, and Error handling for "lynwood" in the app  
08-17-2020 4:05pm - GitHub Repo Established   

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
- Class 06 CF Demo Lecture [code](https://github.com/codefellows/seattle-301d65/blob/master/class-06/demos/server/server.js) helped guide me on the Lab06 code submitted
- Collaborated with classmate Jack Nelson regarding the split for date and time in the trails constructor

## User Acceptence Time Estimate Tests

>Number and Name of Feature: #1 | Set Up GitHub Repo & Deploy on Heroku  
>Estimated time to complete: 30 minutes    
>Start time: 2:45 PM | End time: 4:05 PM    
>Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 20 minutes  

>Number and Name of Feature: #2 | Set up Locations Feature   
>Estimated time to complete: 1.5 hours    
>Start time: 4:10 PM | End time: 5:10 PM    
>Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour  

>Number and Name of Feature: #3 | Set up Weather Feature     
>Estimated time to complete: 1 hour      
>Start time: 5:30 PM | End time: 5:50 PM      
>Actual time needed to complete: 20 minutes  

>Number and Name of Feature: #4 | Capature Errors  
>Estimated time to complete: 1 hour    
>Start time: 6:00 PM | End time: 6:15 PM    
>Actual time needed to complete: 15 minutes

>Number and Name of Feature: #1 Lab 7 | Refactor Weather Loop   
>Estimated time to complete: 30 minutes      
>Start time: 2:30 PM | End time: 2:35 PM      
>Actual time needed to complete: 5 minutes 

>Number and Name of Feature: #2 Lab 7 | Location API   
>Estimated time to complete: 1 hour       
>Start time: 2:45 PM | End time: 3:05 PM        
>Actual time needed to complete: 20 minutes   

>Number and Name of Feature: #3 Lab 7 | Weather API     
>Estimated time to complete: 30 minutes         
>Start time: 3:15 PM | End time: 3:35 PM          
>Actual time needed to complete: 20 minutes  

>Number and Name of Feature: #4 Lab 7 | Trails API     
>Estimated time to complete: 30 minutes         
>Start time: 3:45 PM | End time: 5:01 PM          
>Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 15 minutes

>Number and Name of Feature: #1 Lab 8 | Setup Database      
>Estimated time to complete: 1 hour           
>Start time: 2:00 PM | End time: 3:05 PM            
>Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 5 minutes  

>Number and Name of Feature: #2 Lab 8 | Code to check DB         
>Estimated time to complete: 1 hour               
>Start time: 3:10 PM | End time: 5:40 PM                
>Actual time needed to complete: 2 hours 30 minutes  

>Number and Name of Feature: #3 Lab 8 | Deploy DB to Heroku               
>Estimated time to complete: 15 minutes                    
>Start time: 5:45 PM | End time: 6:00 PM                      
>Actual time needed to complete: 15 minutes   

>Number and Name of Feature: #1 Lab 9 | Add Movies API           
>Estimated time to complete: 1 hour                      
>Start time: 3:00 PM | End time: 4:30 PM                        
>Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 30 minutes
